Prepare for unforeseen consequences.
Tomorrow is the first day of the rest of your life.
The average human being has one breast and one testicle.
Ignorance is bliss.
Misery loves company.
Break an egg.
DOOM.
Sometimes, a fortune cookie is just a fortune cookie.
Things are... lookin' pretty good.
I wouldn't miss what's coming next for the world.
A guilty conscience needs no accuser.
*You crack open the cookie, only to find a wiggling worm within!*
Do people on the diamond exoplanet give each other dirt rings?
You will have very day today.
Someone close to you is not who they seem.
Yes, it can get worse. Much worse.
This is a placeholder message.
You'll have sex tonight
Actions speak louder than talks.
The real surprise was in the cookie. You have three days.
Expect indigestion in your future...
Do not seek out the Orient, for it will come to you.
You will reconnect with an old friend.
It will soon be your time to express generosity to those serving you.
ERR: TRANSLATION SERVER NOT ACCESSIBLE
Today is destiny to be your lucky day perhaps.
You will find something that you have forgotten about for a long time.
Great things are coming your way!
You cannot hide from your discretions against God.
You will find the woman in your dreams.
A message from the Honorable Chairman: 'invest in xiaomi phones, number one!'
Things will get better! It's all about don't worry.
Something is about to meet you.
A message from the Honorable Chairman: *aSdtIG1vbmtleSBvb2ggYWho*
To never not follow your dreams, it is commendable.
A family reunion; you will not like.
Forgive Self. Crash was not fault of your.
Its time for exersise !
christ you're disgusting
The present statement is one of several lies you will hear today.
kiwi;s is still alive. you may find them,
If you're spend day working on your favorite skill. It will benefit.
tomorrow. you will witness ray laying egg. no one will believe you have seen this.
When do you last speak to mother ? It would be appreciable to say hello.
You are being approached, at the moment.
Are you feel nice? If this is struggling to attain, I hope not so!
it is disgusting, the thing that you do (as permissible you may fill in the blanks)
They do not appreciate this, the look that you are given me.
A small long-shaped piece of paper could be in your hands at this very moment!
Use food safe dyes whenever possible, this may save you from consequence.
There are wireless float through your head at every momment.
A stray beam of light could prove more than you bargain for today.
Group 12 atomic elements are not on your side.
He who writes fortunes is not himself fortunate.
Your actions have netted you ONE (1) uncanny occurrance. Make use of it wisely.
Express piety towards the file formats that constitute you.
Sharing your political leanings with a complete stranger may yield interesting results.
A distant relative of yours is out there in spacetime, plowing your virtual wife.
A message from the Honorable Chairman: 'it's good 100'
In the hellish capitalist rat-race, you will soon come out on top!
A message from the Honorable Chairman: 'you're look nice today!'
Discovery, the science to raise spirits!
A new hobby may be the key to your happiness.
A seemingly unfortunate circumstance may work out in your favor.
Respect for your peers will quickly take you far.
Watch out, world! Today is going to be your day!
A change of scenery will improve your mood.
A thorough and comprehensive list of things is coming your way.
*Pay no heed to those whose bark is worse than their bite.*
Yuo will soon see things the way I do.
You will discover something special about your current environment.
A strange occurrance will lead to a non-negligible shift in your world view.
Rough waters will give way to smooth seas.
Take a vacation! You've earned it.
A delicious cookie is fast approaching.
It would be wise to disconnect for a while.
A well-timed glass of water will improve the rest of your day.
A message from the Honorable Chairman: 'your webcam is very cozy!'
A bit of wasted time may prove more beneficial than you thought.
Do your best, do it every day.
A new perspective changes more than your point of view.
Take the time to convene with the bugs below your toes.
An unfamiliar situation may lead to a new companion.
Be willing to change everything about you, if that's what it takes.
Look bud, I can tell just by looking at you that you've got something special :)
Nice job, buddy! Look at you go!
Take time to appreciate the robots that power your hedonist lifestyle.
You carry an aura of success wherever you go.
Your patience will soon be rewarded.
An unfamiliar face may finally respect your miscellaneous energies.
Impeccable toes can hold more power than you once thought.
Without apprehension, your unorthodox sense of humor may land you in hot water.
Remember, licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets.
This is the ultra-rare lucky fortune! Today's belong to you!
April showers bring May flowers, so long as current weather trends persist.
I'm struggling to find ways to express to you the extent of your negative energy.
I see gross overuse of the NSFW commands in your future.
Overindulgence breeds contempt. Watch your stimulation levels!
A chance encounter will bring positive chakras your way.
The man who hordes his chakras is hardly enlightened.
A bout of humility may precede new successes.
Your 'goon squad' may be using you for fake points, be wary of their advice.
Take a day to explore the world around you.
Take note of the flow of the various rocks that constitute your life.
Put a smile on that face! I'm not leaving until you do.
An embarassing moment may serve more benefit than once thought.
Clean your room.
A change of pace will soon lead you on a cognitive/introspective hell ride.
Recalibrate your chi-- it will take you far in this cycle!
Express vocal distrust of metallic objects, it's for your own good.
I just wanted to take the time to remind you that you're looking very great today!
Every step you take builds upon the work of masters.
A minimal number of negative fortunes awaits you!
Your recent generosity will be reciprocated in bounds.
A message from the Honorable Chairman: *'Hello, you have reached the Chairman's automatic voice messaging system. Please leave your name and number, as well as a brief message. Thank you!'*
When you're sad, look to the stars! A funky alien could be unknowingly staring right back at you.
You aren't going anywhere when you die.
Carpal tunnel could soon be your undoing.
You will hear three strange tones. Do not express discomfort following this.
A three second delay before exiting your house could serve more benefit than you first expect.
*This line intentionally left blank.*
Please consider decreasing your power-- we're all very worried about you.
This is the time to come clean about your past transgressions.
Verbalize your hatred of left-handed people to at least three strangers today. You will see the benefits promptly.
Keep a watchful eye on your pockets today.
Today you are destined to be a bit absent-minded. Keep track of your belongings more closely than usual.
You lie to me twice? Ima start screamin.
Only a fool would take something written here as fact.
Have you considered taking a complimentary mint?
Good advice always makes its way to the intended recipient.
Be wary of those who can monitor you.
A watched egg never hard-boils.
Good things come to those who tip well!
maybe there's a reason that women won't talk to you
Okay, buddy. Listen up. You're not gonna want to hear this, but I have to tell you:
Unlock your tailbone chakra to increase wiggle energy.
If you feel down, remember that there is a mole who is more down than you.
The most common enemy of man is a strong wind blowing vertically downwards.
If you must engage in beetle fights, a red beetle will always confound your opponent.
Nguyen do your homework.
Today you will have to call 911, but your phone will be dead.
Consider for a moment: a rock. You should feel better now.
Your friends are mad about something you did 10 years ago, but they won't tell you what it is.
The laundromat is a good place to meet William.
The well of life is full of gross and nasty algae. The tap water you drink is killing you.
Combine all four mecha stones to form the Stochastic Nukeman.
You will win your next game of Mahjong.
You will meet a lugubrious animal on the street. Greet him and be rewarded.
You will find a delicious snack, but it will be expired.
The sun shines for you, friend.
That weird person you saw on the street a month ago also thought you were weird.
Consider your options. You may find a new door has opened.
The season finale for that show you like will be delayed.
Patience is the key to the lock of doubt.
Your new business venture will succeed, but at at what cost?
When you wake up tomorrow, make sure you have the same number of toes.
The river of life has many obstacles. The most potent are beaver dams.
Next time you smile to someone, know that you have made their day better.
You will be cursed with a 20 second nightmare that immediately follows your next visit to a gas station.
Beware he who meets you with kindness, but does not drink from your flask.
It's a bad day for your home team.
You eat the ice cream before it can melt, yet eating the ice cream causes the rest to melt faster.
Do not let past misdeeds get in the way of future mistakes.
You will meet a man no more than 3 feet tall.
Are children and dogs afraid of you? Consider taking off your gorilla suit.
You will be contacted to write a column for a famed publication.
Your creative energy can be strengthened with the help of 'funky beats.'
Your friends care deeply for you, but they have muted you on all social media.
A sunny day approaches. Enjoy it.
Ramen noodle DIY kit for $39.99: Make Ramen Noodles At Home.
You will meet a foul-smelling animal.
A new encounter will bring great joy, immediately followed by nausea.
The last branch on the tree of temptation is the hiss of nitrogen gas escaping a bag of chips.
Luck is not given, but earned.
Good fortune comes to those who seek trust.
Website download free eggg.jp internet FREE DOWNLOAD eggg.jp software free download apps games music.
An advertisement will invert your perspective.
Consider a water detox. Several consecutive days without water will test your body, mind, and spirit.
When you drop a leaf in the rock garden, do not pave over all the rocks.
Wisdom is found in the eyes of a simple soul.
A friend in need will repay you doubly in coupons.
Sometimes the finest gold leaf is outshone by the blandness of the man who presents it.
Your jokes are well recieved, even if others do not laugh.
You will be subsumed by the wrath of those before you.
Your future is enduring, and refuses to be revealed.
Trust the soul of humanity, which is located nearby.
The way forward can be found within. Search your pockets.
Revise your core beliefs and adopt those of government.
Creation is beautiful, cherish it.
Trust no one, throw up.
Live in the oment. -Chest People
Become experienced.
Follow the word of your elders, despite your misgivings.
When you bend over, lick your palms.
If you Fart Loudly in public, just yell Jet Power! and start walking faster.
Your conscience has been lying to you.
If you give up, you invite Mr. Failure into your parlor.
The key to success can be found
The windows to the soul are often coated in a UV-resistant film.
If you can see them, fireflies will lead you.
True wisdom is rare, and will not be found here. 
The Universe is Yours, Take It.
It is a lucky day for you, but you ruined it by reading this anti-luck fortune.
Your future is obscured by the mistakes of this morning.
Two enemies are certain: cat and printer.
The final conquest of your soul will not be easy, you must train.
Your luck is good. Tomorrow's fortune will not be so kind.
Don't you feel disgusting right now?
Get over yourself.